It felt like a scene from the Cold War, a perilous episode from a bygone era.  An unpredictable Russian leader was amassing troops and tanks on a neighbor’s border.  There was fear of a bloody East-West conflagration.
Then the Cold War turned hot: Vladimir V.  Putin’s ordered Russian forces to invade Ukraine.
Now, following the launch of Russia’s full-scale invasion on Feb.  24, the largest mobilization of forces Europe has seen since 1945 is underway.  So far, Moscow has been denied the swift victory it anticipated, and has failed to capture major cities across the country, including Kyiv, the capital.  It has been weighed down by an ill-prepared military and has faced tenacious resistance from Ukrainian soldiers and civilian resistance fighters.  Putin has indicated that he likely won’t back down from his ultimate goal of capturing Kyiv, toppling Ukraine’s democratically elected government, and subsuming the country into Russia’s orbit.
The invasion threatens to destabilize the already volatile post-Soviet region, with serious consequences for the security structure that has governed Europe since the 1990s.  Mr.  Before invading, Russia made a list of far-reaching demands to reshape that structure — positions NATO and the United States rejected.  intelligence agencies say Mr.  Putin has been frustrated by the slow pace of the military advance and Russian commanders have been increasingly intensifying attacks on civilian targets and infrastructure and resorting to tactics used in previous wars in Chechnya and Syria: flattening cities with overwhelming and indiscriminate firepower.  It has also prompted more than two million people to flee Ukraine in less than two weeks, spurring what the United Nations has called the fastest-growing refugee crisis since World War II.  The city has no electricity or water, and people have been boiling snow for water, felling trees to burn for heat and digging trenches to accommodate the city’s mounting numbers of bodies.
Russia-Ukraine is looking forward to war.
If Russia has threatened those who come between themselves and Ukraine, then the US has also said with strict warning that the execution will be very bad.
coming two countries after becoming two countries in the time of the Soviet Union?
The boundary of Ukraine is attached to Russia in Europe and east.
Has refused to give jet in Ukraine. MIG-29 of Poland's MIG-29 rewarded the Ministry of Defense Ministry to transfer to the American Air Force in Germany.
The US has rejected this very important offer when he started a terrible war between Ukraine and Russia. The Russian troops are surrounded by the capital Keeva and it is just a few kilometers from the capital. Ukraine Chairman Zelancchi to match Russia, continuously requesting to make the Western countries available to the Western countries. MIG-29 of Poland's MIG-29 rewarded the Ministry of Defense Ministry to transfer to the American Air Force in Germany.The US has rejected this very important offer when he started a terrible war between Ukraine and Russia. Poland's proposal came at such a time when Ukraine Chairman Volodimir Zelanci requested the US by the planet. After this, Poland has made such a statement that they will also assign their fighters to other NATO countries, who have trained to fly to the Air Force.Another officer of the United States of America Victoria Nuland said that Poland did not consult with the US before giving this offer.