At the 94th Oscars, Will Smith slapped Chris Rock after the latter made a joke about his wife, actor Jada Pinkett Smith. 
The motion picture academy on Friday banned Will Smith from attending the Oscars or any other academy event for 10 years following his slap of Chris Rock at the Academy Awards. 

The move comes after a meeting of the academys board of governors to discuss a response to Smiths actions. 

The 94th Oscars were meant to be a celebration of the many individuals in our community who did incredible work this past year.  However, those moments were overshadowed by the unacceptable and harmful behavior we saw Mr. 
Will Smith pre-emptively resigned from the academy last week during the run-up to the meeting and said he would accept any punishment the academy handed down. 
The academy also apologised for its handling of the situation and allowing Smith to stay and accept his best actor award for King Richard.  This was an opportunity for us to set an example for our guests, viewers and our academy family around the world, and we fell short  unprepared for the unprecedented. 

But its not clear how the message was delivered to Smith or what form it took, and several media outlets reported that he was never formally told to leave the Dolby Theatre.  The Los Angeles Times reported in a story on Thursday that Oscars producer Will Packer told Smith: Officially, we dont want you to leave. 
The ban means Will Smith will not be presenting one of the major awards at next years Oscars, as is tradition for the best actor winner. 
'The Man in Black' actor Will Smith is in the headlines about a dispute not related to Oscars, not for his acting. Meanwhile, there is a news related to them and who have a big shock for their fans.
For the past few days on social media, the name of Actter Will Smith has been in the discussion. Actor Will Smith, 'The Man in Black', is very famous. People are their strong acting and fans of films but these days are not for their acting, but in the headlines about a dispute related to Oscars.

Actually, the news is that Hollywood famous actor Will Smith has resigned from Academy of Motion Picture Aarts and Sciences. It is believed that this step has raised the controversy after slapping the Host Chris Rock at the Oscar Award show. Their list of people who have reached the problem are long and in Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, they are all present.
On the Oscar Academy Award ceremony 2022, Hollywood actor Will Smith has slapped the comedian Chris Rock on stage on joking about wife Jeda's disease.
The Hollywood actor Will Smith has been banned on the wil. The Hollywood film Academy said in this regard on Friday, said, "After the Oscar's platform slipped to the Oscar's platform, after being slopped by the Oscar's stage, their Board of Governor has been banned for 10 years on attending any of their programs with Oscars. '

Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences President David Rubin and Chief Executive Dan Hadson said in a statement that '94 or Oscars ceremony was very important for many. But in the unacceptable behavior of Will Smith, the happiness of his happiness was dusty. 'It is remarkable that after this incident, Will Smith apologized by the April 1, on April 1, the Academy resigned on April 1.
Actor Will Smith beats Comedian Chris Rock on the forum of Oscar 2022. Chris's wife Jahada had flown to the bald of Pinket-Smith. Chris added to a Hollywood film with a bald bald bald.
