Colombo: 
Cash-strapped Sri Lanka's central bank hiked interest rates by a record 700 basis points Friday as police fired tear gas at hundreds of students protesting over the economic crisis. 
Severe shortages of food and fuel, alongside lengthy electricity blackouts, have led to weeks of widespread anti-government demonstrations -- with calls for President Gotabaya Rajapaksa to resign. 
The latest protests saw students try to march Friday to the national parliament, and police used water cannons in efforts to disburse the angry crowds. 
Monks, who had largely rallied the Sinhala-Buddhist majority to elect Rajapaksa at the November 2019 polls, were also seen joining demonstrations in the capital Colombo, where some defiantly stood opposite police wearing gas masks and holding riot shields. 
Demonstrators nationwide carried placards saying "Gota go home", demanding Rajapaksa and his administration step down over the country's worst economic crisis since independence in 1948. 
- Damage control -
The Central Bank of Sri Lanka said its benchmark lending rate had been raised to 14. 
The bank's newly appointed governor, Nandalal Weerasinghe, said attempts to control foreign exchange markets and keep interest rates artificially low in the past year had contributed to the unprecedented economic chaos. 
"We are now in damage control mode," Weerasinghe said at his first press conference since replacing Ajith Cabraal, who was virtually forced out Monday with the country facing bankruptcy. 
"We would not have had to make such a sharp increase if rates had been raised incrementally over a period of time," Weerasinghe said, vowing to relax exchange controls introduced by his predecessor. 
The Colombo Consumer Price Index rose 18. 7 percent in March while food inflation topped 25 percent, but private analysts placed inflation at over 50 percent in the month. 
International rating agencies have downgraded Sri Lanka as fears grow it could default on its $51 billion external debt. 
His government is preparing for bailout negotiations with the International Monetary Fund, and finance ministry officials said the panel will prepare a programme for sovereign bond-holders and other creditors to take a haircut. 
- European push -
Colombo-based diplomats from European Union member states, which form a key export market for Sri Lanka, on Friday asked the government to immediately begin reforms to revive the economy. 
Colombo: Sri Lanka Crisis: The President Gotabaya Rajapaksha was implemented on April 1, which was implemented on April 1, the emergency rule ordinance was canceled on Tuesday night. In fact, since the independence in 1948, Sri Lanka is facing the worst economic crisis due to increasing inflation and deteriorating life situations. In a gazeut notification, President Rajapaksha said that the emergency rule ordinance will be canceled by April 5th. Not only this, he dissolved his Cabinet on Monday and due to the economic crisis, due to the growing unrest due to the lack of fuel and power cut, demanded to build the government.
2. The Sri Lankan President lost his majority on Tuesday because his former colleagues demanded resignation from them.
3. On Tuesday, the new Finance Minister resigned only one day after receiving the post.
4. Since the weekend, the angry of the public is on the seventh sky with large demonstrations on the crowd and other places trying to enter the homes of many governmental celebrities. Students were seen marching the Prime Minister housing in the rain in the evening.
5. Sri Lankan government has less than five MLAs in a majority in the 225-member House, but there is no clear indication that the legislator will try disbelief proposal, which will force them to resign.
6. Despite the curfew of emergency laws and weekends ending Monday morning on Monday morning, the soldiers are performing large-scale protests in the whole country.
7
8.
On one hand, the emergency situation has been created in Sri Lanka. On the other hand, there are tremendous demonstrations of people outside their residence against their rulers. There are its announcements, "Go Home Goat, Home Got, Gata, Gata Fail, Fail, Fail has been started and due to inflation and inflation due to inflation, people have worried daily stomach. Tourism is Sri Lanka's sole income business. But, who will go there in such situations? Therefore, the hotel business has been threatened, due to increasing mineral oil prices, everyday life is on the way to be jammed. Sri Lanka was jammed in Sri Lanka's tourism business in the past several years against Tamil Tigers and to face terrorism. Also, on April 21, on April 21, Islamic self-centered terrorists attacked the three churches and three five-five hotels of Colombo on April 21 in 2019, followed by tourism business again.
