Former Bharatpe chief Ashneer Grover has written to the company's board, seeking action against CEO Suhail Sameer following his offensive remarks on social media and sought resignation of chairman Rajnish Kumar. 
In response to a comment by Ashneer's sister Aashima on a social media post by former Bharatpe employee Karan Sarki, Sameer said "Behen- tere bhai ne saara paisa chura liya (Sister, your brother has stolen all the money).  Very little left to pay salaries". 

Mr Sarki in the post had raised the issue of sacking of old staff and non-payment of salaries. 

Mr Grover in the letter dated April 8, a copy of which is reviewed by PTI, said Mr Sameer's language in response to the aforesaid social media post is not only defamatory but "also blatantly a public lie and admission of the company being bankrupt by no less than its own CEO and member of the board". 

"Going by precedents and self-proclaimed high standards of this board, the CEO should be immediately served a show cause notice for his despicable public behaviour and immediately put on leave of absence to manage the damage on the brand of the company. 

On Thursday, he tweeted that Bharatpe "closed its first quarter of 'degrowth' and 'maximum cash burn' under able leadership of Rajnish Kumar and Suhail Sameer. 

"We have registered 4x growth in our overall revenue over the same period last year. 

Bharatpe's merchant total payments value grew 17 per cent, consumer TPV 39 per cent, loans facilitated 31 per cent, and revenue 21 per cent in March 2022 over Feb 2022, the spokesperson said. 

Bharatpe had removed Mr Grover from all positions in March at the company and alleged to have also found involvement of Mr Grover's family and relatives in extensive misappropriation of the company's funds. 
In the letter of the April 8, Grover said that in response to the social media post, Sameer's comment is not only defaming, but it is clearly the public lie and its own CEO and the board members of the company's bankruptcy.
Former chief of Bharat, Ashiner Grover, writing a letter to the company's board, has demanded action against CEO Sameer Suhel for objectionable comments on social media. Sameer said in response to a comment of Asynother's sister on social media by Bharatpe's former employee of Bharatpe, "sister-your brother stole all the money. In the post, Saraki has raised the issue of removal and paying the old staff.
In the letter of the April 8, Grover said that in response to the social media post, Sameer's comment is not only defaming, but it is clearly the public lie and its own CEO and the board members of the company's bankruptcy. He said that according to the pre-examples and high standards established on behalf of this Bode, the CEO should be sent to the reason for their public behavior and should be sent immediately to the company to damage the brand. Grover said, "Suhail has to prove that when Linkedin put this answer, he was not in the influence of alcohol or drugs. 'On Thursday, he tweeted that Bharat Patra closed the first quarter of' Digoth 'and' Maximum Cash Burn 'under the competent leadership of Rajneesh Kumar and Sameer Suhail. In spite of the third wave of Kovid-19, we have been 30 percent on the gradual quarterly basis. ,
It is worth mentioning that the Chief Executive Officer Sameer Suhel has said that he has taken the right to save the company and investors and to save his reputation for the company and investors to save his reputation. .
Bharatpe on Ashneer Grover: Bharatpe has decided to take legal action against their co-founder Ashnir Grover. Similarly, the company's shares will be returned. After the meeting of the Board of Directors of India, the Ashnir Grover has been announced that all the posts of the company has been removed from all the positions of the company due to its non-submission and misconduct.

Ashneat Grover withdrawal from the company's account
According to India's Pay, Growers family and their relatives have made a large number of irregularities in the company's fund. They did not stop here, preparing for fake vendors and the money was boiled from the company's account and the company's money was abused. Bharatpe said, the meeting of the Board of Directors of the company on Tuesday was held, she walked up to late night. In this meeting, there was a discussion regarding misconduct in Grover. After the meeting, the Grover has been informed that Grover has been deleted from all the positions. It was said to be the right to take action on the basis of facts in front of the audit report.


Grover 9. 5 percent part of India
Grover resigned on Tuesday. Sources said that the Board of Directors of India has taken note that the Board of Managing Director and the Board of Directors of the Board of Board of Directors of the Board of Board. Gave the right to take the share of 4 percent.
