Former Bharatpe chief Ashneer Grover has written to the company's board, seeking action against CEO Suhail Sameer following his offensive remarks on social media and sought resignation of chairman Rajnish Kumar. 

Mr Grover in the letter dated April 8, a copy of which is reviewed by PTI, said Mr Sameer's language in response to the aforesaid social media post is not only defamatory but "also blatantly a public lie and admission of the company being bankrupt by no less than its own CEO and member of the board".

However, a Bharatpe spokesperson said the company registered the strongest quarter in its history. 

Bharatpe's merchant total payments value (TPV) grew 17 per cent, consumer TPV 39 per cent, loans facilitated 31 per cent, and revenue 21 per cent in March 2022 over Feb 2022, the spokesperson said.



Mr Grover has demanded a written apology from Sameer and in absence of the same, he and his sister may seek damages and pursue criminal defamation against the Bharatpe CEO and the company. The current incident clearly brings out the fact that Rajnish Kumar condoning the life threat to me by Bhavik Koladiya from his own house and all the planned media leaks leading to my resignation in self respect, have further emboldened the current management to act as hooligans," Mr Grover said.
Grover, in a letter dated April 8, said that Sameer's comments in response to the social media post are not only defamatory but clearly public lies and an admission of the company's bankruptcy by its own CEO and board members. On Thursday, he tweeted that BharatPe under the able leadership of Rajnish Kumar and Sameer Suhail closed the first quarter of 'Degrowth' and 'Maximum Cash Burn'. Earlier in January, Grover was sent on leave for allegedly misbehaving with an employee of Kotak Mahindra Bank.

BharatPe on Ashneer Grover: BharatPe has decided to take legal action against its co-founder Ashneer Grover. According to Bharat Pay, the Grover family and their relatives have committed massive irregularities in the company's funding. The company said in a statement after the meeting that Grover had been removed from all positions. Grover currently owns 9.5 per cent stake in BharatPe.