Russia-Ukraine is looking forward to war. If Russia has threatened those who come between themselves and Ukraine, then the US has also said with strict warning that the execution will be very bad. Russia will have to pay the price. Nato i.e. North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which was started in 1949. It is important to know what is the root of this dispute? Why are they becoming a second enemy after becoming two countries after becoming two countries in the time of the Soviet Union?
The boundary of Ukraine is attached to Russia in Europe and east.

Has refused to give jet in Ukraine. MIG-29 of Poland's MIG-29 rewarded the Ministry of Defense Ministry to transfer to the American Air Force in Germany.
The US has rejected this very important offer when he started a terrible war between Ukraine and Russia. The Russian troops are surrounded by the capital Keeva and it is just a few kilometers from the capital. Ukraine Chairman Zelancchi to match Russia, continuously requesting to make the Western countries available to the Western countries. MIG-29 of Poland's MIG-29 rewarded the Ministry of Defense Ministry . Poland's proposal came at such a time when Ukraine Chairman Volodimir Zelanci requested the US by the planet. After this, Poland has made such a statement that they will also assign their fighters to other NATO countries, who have trained to fly to the Air Force.Another officer of the United States of America Victoria Nuland said that Poland did not consult with the US before giving this offer.

The US has rejected this very important offer when he started a terrible war between Ukraine and Russia. Poland's proposal came at such a time when Ukraine Chairman Volodimir Zelanci requested the US by the planet. After this, Poland has made such a statement that they will also assign their fighters to other NATO countries, who have trained to fly to the Air Force.Another officer of the United States of America Victoria Nuland said that Poland did not consult with the US before giving this offer.